README.md, before:

# Cray CLI

## Company Internal


> __This is a work in progress. Feedback is greatly encouraged and appreciated.__
> For internal use at Cray Inc Only

## Detailed Documentation

1. [Developing the CLI](Developing.md)
1. [Integrating a New Module](Integration.md)
1. [Customer Demo Script](demo.md)
1. [Tutorial](Tutorial.md)

## Table of Contents

1. [Overview](#Overview)
1. [Install](#Install)
1. [Usage](#Usage)
1. [Environment variables](#Environment-variables)
1. [Configuration files](#Configuration-files)
1. [TODO](#TODO)

## Overview

The Cray CLI is a framework created to integrate all of the system management
REST APIs into one, easily usable, CLI for customers to interact with.

The framework itself is relatively lightweight and implements the basic
needs of a CLI with the ability for each team to integrate their own endpoints.

The CLI provides built in configurations (stored in ~/.config/cray), built-in
authentication token stores (similar to AWS/GCP), and a built-in parser
that can take a swagger file and generate CLI commands.

## Install

The CLI is built as an RPM and included with the "blob" and customers can install via yum:

    yum install craycli

## Usage

    terminal: cray

    Usage: cray [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

    Cray management and workflow tool

    Options:
      --help  Show this message and exit.

    Commands:
      auth    Manage OAuth2 credentials for the Cray CLI
      config  View and edit Cray configuration properties
      init    Initialize/reinitialize the Cray CLI

To get started run `cray init`. This will initialize the CLI on your machine and
authenticate you with the system.

## Environment variables

By default the cli looks for files in `~/.config/cray` (OS agnostic).
If a user would like to override this, it can be configured using a `CRAY_CONFIG_DIR`
environment variable. Users can also pass command options using variables like
`CRAY_[{module name}_, {group name}_, ...]{command name}_{option name}=value`

For example, `CRAY_AUTH_LOGIN_USERNAME=ryan` can be used instead of
`cray auth login --username=ryan`. These are command specific, and the above
environment variable will not be used for any commands other than `cray auth login`.

## Configuration files

As mentioned above, users can create configuration files that set default values.
Configuration files use the TOML format for ease of readability. When you run
`cray init` we automatically create the default configuration with a few values.

For example:

    [core]
    hostname='https://api.gw.url'

    [auth.login]
    username='admin'

    [module.command]
    option1='foo'
    option2='bar'

These configuration files are abstracted away from users with the `cray config`
commands. `--configuration` is a global variable that allows users to set the
configuration name to use for each command.

### Creating alternate configurations

If you have more than one system that you intend to work with, the cli can store multiple configuration files.  To create a second, third, or more, use `cray init --configuration mynewconfig`

## TODO

The following are not yet implemented:

- Self updating feature.
- Ask the api gateway what modules should be installed.
- Advanced filters to ignore endpoints, etc.
- Run the parsers at build time, allowing to link external swagger files (git).
- Create a functional test generator

Commit message:

update the Shasta CLI readme to add HPE refs and remove company internal content ahead of OSS effort

README.md, after:

# Cray-HPE Shasta CSM CLI

## Greetings

The Shasta CSM CLI is intended to provide you with an industry standard approach to managing the Shasta HPC environment via it's API plane. The CLI is a work in progress, and feedback as well as PR's are always welcom and sincerely appreciated. Please see the To-Do section at the bottom of this file for open items that offer opportunities for contribution and input.

## Detailed Documentation

1. [Developing the CLI](Developing.md)
1. [Integrating a New Module](Integration.md)
1. [Customer Demo Script](demo.md)
1. [Tutorial](Tutorial.md)

## Table of Contents

1. [Overview](#Overview)
1. [Install](#Install)
1. [Usage](#Usage)
1. [Environment variables](#Environment-variables)
1. [Configuration files](#Configuration-files)
1. [TODO](#TODO)

## Overview

The Cray CLI is a framework created to integrate all of the system management
REST APIs into one, easily usable, CLI for customers to interact with.

The framework itself is relatively lightweight and implements the basic
needs of a CLI with the ability for each team to integrate their own endpoints.

The CLI provides built in configurations (stored in ~/.config/cray), built-in
authentication token stores (similar to AWS/GCP), and a built-in parser
that can take a swagger file and generate CLI commands.

## Install

The CLI is built as an RPM and included with the "blob" and customers can install via yum:

    yum install craycli

## Usage

    terminal: cray

    Usage: cray [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

    Cray management and workflow tool

    Options:
      --help  Show this message and exit.

    Commands:
      auth    Manage OAuth2 credentials for the Cray CLI
      config  View and edit Cray configuration properties
      init    Initialize/reinitialize the Cray CLI

To get started run `cray init`. This will initialize the CLI on your machine and
authenticate you with the system.

## Environment variables

By default the cli looks for files in `~/.config/cray` (OS agnostic).
If a user would like to override this, it can be configured using a `CRAY_CONFIG_DIR`
environment variable. Users can also pass command options using variables like
`CRAY_[{module name}_, {group name}_, ...]{command name}_{option name}=value`

For example, `CRAY_AUTH_LOGIN_USERNAME=ryan` can be used instead of
`cray auth login --username=ryan`. These are command specific, and the above
environment variable will not be used for any commands other than `cray auth login`.

## Configuration files

As mentioned above, users can create configuration files that set default values.
Configuration files use the TOML format for ease of readability. When you run
`cray init` we automatically create the default configuration with a few values.

For example:

    [core]
    hostname='https://api.gw.url'

    [auth.login]
    username='admin'

    [module.command]
    option1='foo'
    option2='bar'

These configuration files are abstracted away from users with the `cray config`
commands. `--configuration` is a global variable that allows users to set the
configuration name to use for each command.

### Creating alternate configurations

If you have more than one system that you intend to work with, the cli can store multiple configuration files.  To create a second, third, or more, use `cray init --configuration mynewconfig`

## TODO / Roadmap Items


- Self updating feature.
- Ask the api gateway what modules should be installed.
- Advanced filters to ignore endpoints, etc.
- Run the parsers at build time, allowing to link external swagger files (git).
- Create a functional test generator
